Current problem:
    What is the gameplay?
        There are bad cells, and you want to kill them to take their parts to improve your cell.
    Where do bad cells come from?
        They spawn in?
    It's hard to make the cell do what you want
        Its because the flagellas are unaware of the rest of the cell
    When/how do you modify your cell?
        How: dragging; left click to move any part, right click to do the "secondary action"


In general, I'm not sure how to proceed.
Game design approach idea:
    focus on a few mechanics, and design the game around getting the player to use those mechanics.
    - Cell building ability
    - Attacking other cells
    - Exploring?
    - acquiring new cell parts

Need the ability to attack other cells

Why the "Exploring" mechanic is necessary:
    without this mechanic, this could be a battle arena type game, with
    attacking cells 1 at a time, and you win new cell parts, and can rearrange
    your cell each level.

    That's not what I want this game to be like


Maybe the world should be fixed size.
    Good. limits the scope, makes the game more "designable"
    Would all cells be preexisting? Or would they spawn in?
    Speaking of which, the current cell saving system is unmaintainable.
        Or is it?

Membrane problems:
    What is it for?
        ✓Protection?
        Most cell parts are vulnerable to \it certain things \/, but Membranes are only vulnerable to ... something
    Idea: Membrane is fixed shape, but if a link is broken, then nearby cell
    parts become loose
        Not sure what the value of this would be...

Exploring:
    What will it look like?
    Ideas from terraria:
        Different types of regions, with different backgrounds, types of cells who spawn...

        Maybe it shouldn't all be open; maybe heave some sort of branching cave-like, stuff

        Certain things will be "fixed", so they don't move.

Collecting:
    You want to collect cell parts
    You can take existing cell parts, or produce your own, but only if you have
        their DNA which you acquire from consuming nuclei.


Editing your cell's configuration:
    Idea: You control the nucleus, which can move around and move other stuff
    Nucleus has a "transient" mode, where it can step over anything it has control over


Motivations for using all sorts of cell parts:
    Various achievements, where using certain cell parts will let you progress
    up a tree (This is waaaay in the future though)


Nucleus behavior:
    I'm thinking everything the player does will be controlled through the nucleus.
    You should be able to make a functioning cell without a membrane
        The nucleus can hold onto a couple cell parts, but not too many

    Nucleus only controls nearby cell parts
    Idea 1:
        Its range can be extended with nervous system fibers
    Idea 2:
        Cell parts form a graph, nucleus controls all cell parts in whatever
        connected component it is in
    

Cell maneuvering:
    Idea 1:
        Q and E rotate the cell, mouse click and hold makes the cell move towards the mouse
    Idea 2:
        You directly control the flagella with WASD
    Idea 3:
        You control the flagella with WASD, but they are "smart"; they apply
        force such that the front of the cell stays in front
